<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="reference_ttr_4c3_qx">
  <title>Ice Cream Machine Components</title>
  <shortdesc>This details the elements of the Shanks ice cream machine.</shortdesc>
  <refbody> <section>
    <title>Components</title>
    <p>
      <dl>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>1. Cap with Measurement Cup</dt>
          <dd>Use this to pour ingredients into the freezer bowl without 
            interfering with the freezing cycle. The measurement cup is 
            especially useful for add-ins like chocolate chips and sprinkles.</dd>
        </dlentry>
      </dl>
      <dl>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>2. Easy-Lock Lid with Ingredient Spout</dt>
          <dd>This lid is transparent so you can directly observe the freezing 
            process, and the spout allows you to add different ingredients to 
            the mixture with ease!</dd>
        </dlentry>
      </dl>
      <dl>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>3. Mixing Arm</dt>
          <dd>This unique mixing arm combines your ingredients in the mixing bowl,
            churning and turning until it yields the perfect bowl. </dd>
        </dlentry>
      </dl>
      <dl>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>4. Freezer Bowl</dt>
          <dd>This double-insulated bowl is kept in the freezer whenever it isn’t in use.</dd>
        </dlentry>
      </dl>
      <dl>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>5. Control Panel</dt>
          <dd>This is where you let the machine know whether you want ice cream, gelato,
            or sorbet. The control panel also houses the start/stop button that you’ll 
            press to get the freezer bowl turning.
          </dd>
        </dlentry>
      </dl>
      <dl>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>6. Base</dt>
          <dd>This is the part of the machine that should be in the room at all times. It houses
            the motor needed to make hundreds of bowls of frozen treats.</dd>
        </dlentry>
      </dl>
    </p>
  </section>
    
  </refbody>
</reference>
