<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="reference_uzh_hk3_qx">
  <title>Lemon Gelato</title>
  <shortdesc>This delicious and refreshing gelato is a tart and creamy treat!
    Read on to learn how to replicate it in your
    classroom's ice cream machine. </shortdesc>
  <refbody>
    <section>
      <title>Possible Allergens</title>
      <p>Dairy</p>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Prep Time</title>
      <p>2 hours, 25 minutes</p>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Yields</title>
      <p>5 cups of gelato.</p>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Ingredients</title>
      <p><simpletable>
          <strow>
            <stentry>1 cup heavy cream</stentry>
            <stentry>2 cups whole milk, divided</stentry>
            <stentry>1 pinch kosher salt</stentry>
            <stentry>1.25 cups granulated sugar</stentry>
            <stentry>1 tbsp liquid pectin</stentry>
            <stentry>0.5 cups lemon zest</stentry>
            <stentry>1 cup lemon juice</stentry>
          </strow>
      </simpletable></p>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Procedure</title>
      <p>
       <ol>
         <li>Combine the <b>cream</b> and <b>1 cup of the whole milk</b>
           in a medium saucepan</li>
         <li>Set over medium/medium-low heat and bring to a simmer</li>
         <li>Whisk the remaining <b>whole milk, lemon zest, sugar, cornstarch,
         salt</b> and <b>vanilla</b> in a small mixing bowl</li>
         <li>Add the <b>milk/sugar</b> mixture to the <i>simmering</i>
           <b> cream/milk</b> mixture and stir until fully combined</li>
         <li>Stir continuously until mixture comes to a strong simmer and thickens
         slightly so that it coats the spoon you're using to mix.</li>
         <li>Remove pan from heat.</li>
         <li>Stir in <b>pectin,</b> strain, and cool to room temperature.</li>
         <li>Stir in <b>lemon juice.</b></li>
         <li>Cover and refrigerate for at least two hours.</li>
       </ol>
      </p>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Adding to the Machine</title>
      <p>
        <ol>
          <li>Whisk mixture together</li>
          <li>Press <b>Gelato</b> and then <b>Start/Stop.</b></li>
          <li>Pour the mixture through the <b>easy-lock lid with ingredient spout</b> 
          and cover it with the <b>cap with measuring cup.</b></li>
          <li>Let mix until thickened</li>
        </ol>
      </p>
    </section>
  </refbody>
  
</reference>
